
Name: Simon Ovidio Miranda Chiri

Answers About BDD

1. When and why BDD was defined

BDD began to be defined in 2003 with Agiledox, it was development-driven (TDD)
because it wanted to provide development teams with a bridge of communication
between business analysts and developers to write more meaningful tests.

2. The most important aspects of BDD

* The language used is understandable to all team members by facilitating communication between
  project team members and business stakeholders, it also facilitates joining new people to the work process.
* Improved quality code that reduces maintenance costs and minimizes project risk.
* All parties have a shared understanding of the project and can participate in the communication.
* Tools targeting a BDD approach generally allow the automatic generation of technical documentation
  and end-user specifications.
* The technical documentation obtained facilitates the maintenance of the code.

3. Why is it useful and when could it be applied?

It is useful because it provides a common domain language, which all together (developer, tester and company) understand,
also allows to write test cases (scenarios) and acceptance criteria before any development.

BDD could be applied to any project, to reduce uncertainty and build trust in what it is building, allowing communication
among project team members to achieve best practices for writing tests and covering more cases.

4. Which type of teams could implement BDD

It could be implemented by teams that want to apply agile methodologies to build and deliver higher quality software
in less time and that are more reliable than they are minimally with a developer or tester.

5. Structure of a feature – Give an example
	The structure of a feature is:
		* Name
	    * Size [Optional]
	    * Priority

	Example:
	 Feature: Search Wikipedia

6. Structure of a user story – Give an example
    The Structure
 	  Title (one line describing the story)
 	  Narrative:
 	      As a [role]
 	      I want [feature]
 	      So that [benefit]
 	Example:
      Title Visitor attend a talk
          As a conference visitor,
          I want to attende a talk to
          acquire new knowledge

    Acceptance Criteria
      I won´t fall asleep or play with my iphone.
      By the end of the talk, I can correctly answer three questions about the subject.
      The talk should be no longer than 45 min.

7. Structure of a scenario – Give an example

    The structure of a scenario:
      Given some initial context (the givens)
      When an event occurs
      then ensure some outcomes
    Example:

    Feature: Search Wikipedia
      Scenario: direct search article
        Given Enter search term 'Cucumber'
        When Do search
        Then Single result is shown for 'Cucumber'

8. Differences between BDD and BDT
_BDD focuses on test development.
_BDT focuses on writing test.