1. Research task:
	1.1. When and why BDD was defined
	BDD was created by Dan North (March 2006) initially as a mechanism to aid in the implementation
	of TDD,	however in the process of creating that mechanism several doubts arose, so much that evolved
	or complemented TDD. BDD was born as a set of software engineering practices and processes designed
	to focus on the goal of creating business impact.

	1.2. The most important aspects of BDD
    - Collaboration between Business stakeholders, Business Analysts, QA Team and developers (the
    three amigos meeting).
    - Extends Test Driven Development (TDD) by utilizing comprehensive language that non technical
    stakeholders can understand (Gherkin).
    - BDD frameworks are an enabler acting like a “bridge” between Business & Technical Language.
    - BDD makes it more efficient in the communication with the client in the technical and business.
    areas to reduce misunderstandings or ambiguities.

	1.3. Why is useful and when could be applied.
	Behavior-driven development is useful because it is a approach in which an application is
	specified and developed by describing how its behavior should be (to an outside observer),
	also many people (three amigos meeting) are involved in the product development.

	BDD can be applied to projects of almost any type either from the start of the project or 
	can also be adopted for testing development (BDT), it has become a constant adoption approach
	to TDD in commercial and custom software development.

	1.4. Which type of teams could implement BDD
	It can be adopted by both newly formed teams as well as teams with more experience in software 
	development. In both cases being familiar with the use of agile methodologies is essential.

	It is also good to mention that the team must be open to work under this development approach, 
	as it can provide successful solutions for the product and thus develop a product that meets 
	customer expectations.

2. Structure of a feature – Give an example
The structure of a feature is:
	Feature: [Name]
	Size: [Optional]
    Priority: [Priority]

Example:
	Feature: Create a project

3. Structure of a user story – Give an example
The structure of a user story is:
	Title (one line describing the story)
		
	Narrative:
		As a [role]
		I want [feature]
		So that [benefit]

	Acceptance criteria (Test Scenarios):

Example:

	Title: Search box for products

	As a user of the products website
	I want to perform a search based on keywords in the products list
	So that I want to get the search results based on the search criteria  


4. Structure of a scenario – Give an example
The structure of a scenario is:
	Scenario: [Title]
		Given[Context]
		And [More context (optional)]
		When [Event]
		Then [Outcome]
		And [Another Outcome (optional)]

Example:
	Scenario: Login successful with valid credentials
		Given I am in the login page
		When I introduce valid credentials
		And I click in the login button
		Then the Dashboard should appear

5. Differences between BDD and BDT
	- BDD is a process designed (from the start of the project) to aid the management and the
	delivery of software development projects by improving communication between engineers and
	business professionals.

	- In BDT is a process in wich the tests are writed in the form of simple text features with
	scenarios that are typically written and reviewed by the non-technical people of the project
	(stakeholders, PO, etc).
